1. Visual Studio - Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft.
	It is used to develop computer programs for Microsoft Windows superfamily of operating systems,
	as well as web sites, web applications and web services. Visual Studio uses Microsoft software development
	platforms such as Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows Store and Microsoft
	Silverlight. It can produce both native code and managed code.

2. NetBeans - NetBeans is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java, but also with other
	languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5. It is also an application platform framework for Java desktop
	applications and others. The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other
	platforms supporting a compatible JVM.

3. Eclipse - In computer programming, Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains a base workspace
	and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications.
	By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages

4. SharpDevelop - SharpDevelop includes features very similar to those found in Visual Studio, or Delphi/Kylix. It was designed as a free and lightweight
	alternative to Microsoft Visual Studio, and contains an equivalent feature for almost every essential Visual Studio Express feature, including
	features for project management, code editing, application compiling and debugging

5. Borland Kylix - Borland Kylix was a compiler and integrated development environment formerly sold by Borland but later discontinued. It is a Linux
	version of the Borland Delphi software development environment and C++ Builder, which runs under Microsoft Windows. Continuing Delphi's classical
	Greek theme, Kylix is the name for an ancient Greek drinking cup. Kylix supports application programming using Object Pascal and C++, and is particularly
	suited to the development of command line utilities and (especially) GUI applications, but not well suited to low-level programming, such as the
	development of device drivers or kernel modules.